The Joe Rogan experience.
I guess I'm talking about it. I'm not supposed to, but we're looking at, um, uh,
military government organizations that are typically in the shadows, right?
We're not releasing any sources and methods.
We're not disclosing in classified secrets,
but we're talking about elements and units, operational activity, um,
that, uh,
before now I've pretty much been in the shadows and some incredible people.
That's one of the best parts about this thing.
It's been going out there and meeting some of these guys that are doing some of
this high speed. And it's, it's pretty amazing. And.
When, when they do release things like long, long after,
like I was reading something, uh, I forget what the case was out,
but it was something about how the,
the files won't be released under the freedom of information act until 2080.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> how do you, yeah, I know. What do they,
how do they make that dis like,
that was the thing with the Kennedy assassination, right? And.
Sometimes they roll it over and it's not even then. Right.
So sometimes they extend that, um, other times they don't, and,
and so's some information comes to light periodically. Um,
and so this does look at the, this, this show will be looking at some historic,
but a lot of current things that are going on and, and where the money goes,
right?
What are we spending our money on when it comes to this high speed operations
that the special forces and others are, are involved in? Um, so it'll be,
it'll be very good. I was, I was lucky to be able to work with, again, you know,
know some really great people on the production side,
but just also going out there and meeting some of these cats. They're just the,
the, the that they do is, is, is even after being around a while, as I have,
um, it just amazes me, well, it's.
Gotta be constantly accelerating too. Right. There's,
they're constantly coming up with new and spectacular things that nobody knows
about yeah. Until they employ them.
Right. Exactly. And sometimes that, that, that stays on the shelf. Right.
You know, you, it was like the, the running joke at the agency at the,
at the CIA was, you know, we have a fantastic S and T group,
a science and technology group, and they're the ones responsible like Q uh,
from, from bond, right. Mm-hmm, <affirmative>,
they're the ones responsible for developing all the gear, uh,
responding to specific operational, how are we gonna do this particular thing?
Well, let's develop a piece of kit. That's gonna allow us to do it. Um,
but the running joke is always that, you know,
they'll develop it and they'll show it to you before an operation,
but then they'll put it back on the shelf,
cuz they don't want that getting out there. Right.
And people finding out that they've got it. So they'll give you like a, a, a,
a 20 year old piece of kit to use instead.
And you'll be walking around with like a phone, the size of a brick, um,
knowing that they've got something high speed on the shelf. Well.
That's what everybody always thinks.
Like when you talk to the average Joe on the street about technology and the
government, that was like, dude,
the stuff they have that they probably don't tell us about how much of that is
real. Yeah.
Um, it's, it's pretty real. Have you.
Seen some stuff that made you go, holy. Yes. They can that, yes.
Really? Yeah. And how much can you tell us? Um.
Well, you know what, one thing that they're doing and, and there's, I,
this is actually something I wanted to talk about, uh, today, uh,
because it's gonna affect everybody. It's not just, it's something that,
that is gonna affect people in the military or else in the intelligence
community. Uh,
but one of the things that they've been working on is imagine you've gotta,
you gotta rock up on a, on a target and you're, but you're, before you do that,
before you, you get the customers on site and you're gonna, you know,
hopefully obtain some high value, uh, targets there at that location before you.
Do it, you're talking like euphemisms. Oh, I'm sorry. Before you.
Gonna milk people. Yeah. Before, before you get, go in blow terrorists.
Into another.
Dimension. Well, sometimes, you know, you okay. Actually I was gonna say,
sometimes you want to actually capture them and get their intelligence.
We've gone past that. Right.
Because the years where we were getting our kicked for holding on to people in
detention facilities, um, you know, what that did that,
that pretty much convinced everybody, uh, that was involved than this to just,
just whack 'em right? Because then you don't have to deal with the aftermath.
You don't have to worry about,
are you gonna get in trouble for interrogating somebody? Right. Exactly.
So that actually increasingly ality of operations,
you started painting targets and just blowing the out of there rather than
trying to grab the target and get their Intel.
That's a problem because in the pipeline dries up for the Intel. But, uh,
anyway, imagine you got this, you got this site,
the first thing you gotta do is determine if your Target's there, right.
And it's not like that, you know, the Tom Clancy movies where, you know,
you're looking through walls and all this, it's it, you know, that,
that technology night vision devices and, and,
and that ability and low light conditions to, uh,
to monitor and to identify specific, uh, individuals, um,
has always been a problem.
They've made great strides on it to the point now where in no light conditions,
right. With the, with the right stack database,
with the right information and that database meaning the right, uh, amount of,
of information about individuals, right? You just,
you constantly populating this database with new faces or with new photographs
of individuals that you're going after. Um, with enough of that,
to sift through,
they're getting to the point now with no light conditions that they can, uh,
identify, uh,
positively the targets in that room or the targets in that facility or in that
building, whatever it might be. And that's incredible.
I'd rather they can identify people by their heart rate. Hmm.
With, with, well, not just their heart rate, but I mean, other other bio data,
right. I mean, are there other.
But they can literally with video somehow or another,
they can zoom in on you with some scanner and
recognize that this is a particular individual because their heart rate. Yeah.
This is, there was an article that was written about it.
And I know that there's a company. Do you know what hex is?
H E C S it's um, it's a company that's been used, uh,
pretty extensively by, uh, scuba diving community. Um,
and now, uh, by the hunting community as well,
because it blocks the electrical signal,
H E C S it blocks the electrical signal that your body gives off. Okay.
Yeah. That makes.
Sense. And I think they're doing work with the military as well,
to develop suits that will somehow stop someone from being able to
recognize your particular heart.
Rate. Right. And it does a lot of work on,
on what they call the sort of the universal soldier. Yeah.
There Pentagon as a laser that I identify people from a distance by the,
by heartbeat.
Yeah. It helps laser. It helps if you have other, uh, data points. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> if you, but, um, this is all part of to some degree what,
you know, they refer to as the universal soldier, right. The, the,
the fighter of tomorrow and.
John Klon van dam. Yeah. You, you.
Got. That's right. Yeah. I who doesn't remember Sean, although he's doing,
he's doing like chip commercials now, is he, um, sure.
You haven't seen him at theirs or whatever, dude. It.
Is the splits.
Yeah. Um, well props. Yeah. <laugh>,
I don't know when that becomes useful though. Really the splits. I mean,
I've never actually, you know,
felt that that was something I needed to accomplish in any given moment from an
operational.
She's doing karate movies where you have to do the sports. Yeah. Its true.
It's very.
Important. It's true. But so the, the universal soldier thing where you, you,
you, your, um, you know, it's an exoskeleton,
it's a soft suit. Mm-hmm, <affirmative>, it's all the data that you can acquire,
um, for that war fighter.
How do create the perfect environment on that individual,
as he's moving through an environment to, to, you know, be a more efficient,
effective, lethal, uh, fighter and you know, things like that,
identifying target, whether it's with a laser, uh,
whether it's with low light or no light conditions where you can,
as you're rocking up on the target, you can do that. All these things, you know,
uh, the ability to, uh, to carry more gear, right. Uh, hump it, another extra,
you know, 10 kilometers, whatever it might be. Um, it's,
it's pretty incredible what they're doing and it's, it's a joint.
It's not just the military they're working with, uh, you know,
companies like hex or they're working with, uh, with the commercial sector, um,
and academics too. But anyway, I of disappearing down a rabbit hole,
uh.
The, these like the, the idea of like this universal soldier thing,
have you been paying attention to this Elon Musk, uh,
Neurolink thing that he's coming out with yeah.
Where they're gonna somehow or another insert fibers into your brain and then
have a Bluetooth enabled device that you wear.
That's gonna allow you to somehow other interface with data at
a much higher bandwidth. I don't know what the any of those words mean.
I just said, but that was good.
Though. It was good. It sounded like you, you understood it. That's my trick.
<laugh> so repeat words. Yeah. I, you know, there, there comes a point. Um,
if you're talking about, I mean, that's, that's going into a different area,
that's going into civilian applications and.
But I see the military application would be great for that too.
Everyone could synchronize data. You could give them navigation in their head.
Like if there's some sort of augmented reality where you could literally see the
targets in front of you, mm-hmm, <affirmative> like they, if you had a map,
say like the, if the Pentagon really does have this laser beam,
they could identify specific individuals mm-hmm <affirmative> and you have a map
of a building that's in your head and they can identify the very
location, the absolute perfect location of each individual person in that room.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And you could see that as you are running into this building,
you're seeing like a 3d grid in front of you. And, you know, I mean, you could,
could shoot 'em right through.
A wall. Right. And there's, but there's, there, there does become a problem.
Then there becomes a problem of, of information overload.
And when you get into that situation, right.
Everything starts to close down a little bit. Right. And, and sure.
And so you've gotta start pushing some of that away. And, and,
and now what you end up doing is you get the offsite, you know,
coming and center, uh, relaying some of that information as needed.
But that guy that's about to, to breach that door, you know,
he doesn't want right. A lot of data points anymore. Now having said that,
knowing where, you know,
knowing where the hostiles are on the other side of that door,
that is key information. That's not rocket science, but so there, there,
but there's a lot that's going on.
There's also the ability to monitor health of the individual, you know,
soldiers, there are out there, uh, through the, the,
the gear that they would then be wearing. Um, it's, it's an, it's an incredible,
uh, effort that has been going on. And, and so to answer your point,
a long rambling answer, uh, yeah. I've seen some things that are pretty amazing.
You can't talk about though. No, no. Some of this, uh, some of this, uh,
actually will, will get into with the new show that's coming up sometime in,
I don't have a real estate. And again, I'm prescribed from talking about,
so I won't do that because, so some of the, I pay attention.
Some of the things that you saw you'll be able to talk about. Yes.
So how does the government do that? They just decide, well, listen,
it's not a bad thing. If you tell people about this.
That's yeah. I mean, well, I think there's, there's an element of some of,
it's not what you would refer to as it's just not readily available public
information and it's not out there in the domain because people aren't aware of
it or searching for it. Um, some of it does, I think you're right.
Some of it is look, the military wants to say at times,
look what we're able to do. We're doing this.
And oftentimes it's because it's in a, sort of a, uh, private, public, uh,
cooperation. And so that encourages other, uh,
companies with innovative technologies to step forward and, and get involved in,
in some of this. Um, and I guess that opens up all sorts of other, you know,
some people are out there saying, well,
they shouldn't be working with the military. Well, you know, that.